i don't say much publicly about jack
ruby because he's dead
uh furthermore
he's unusual among the people involved
in the assassination
because he is the only one who
began trying to say what happened
that's probably one of the reasons he's
dead
when the warren commission heard him in
dallas
he begged the warren commission to get
the sheriff out of there
to get the assistant d.a out of there
and his counsel out of there
and he would talk to them and they
wouldn't do that and he begged
the chief justice to take him to
washington
and he would be able to tell him things
that he could not tell him there
and they wouldn't do that either because
i'm sure they didn't want to hear what
he had to say
probably knew it all too well the
best way to describe the jack ruby
situation
is by saying that
he was involved without any crit without
any question
very much associated with key
individuals in the case
most of the murders that occurred are
because
of the the persons murdered had
knowledge of some of jack ruby's
associates
and you're not supposed to know that he
knew these people or that they were at
the carousel club that's the main reason
for most of the murders
but i'd rather not go into detail
because
this to go into detail here brings it in
the orbit of my case
except if anything can be said
uh and i don't know if it can but if
anything can be said
for somebody who participated in the
assassination of john kennedy at least
it can be said that that jack ruby
showed signs of remorse
as a matter of fact he realized that he
was used towards the end just as he had
helped them
use lee oswald and in one of
his letters in one of his last letters
he smuggled out
he said and to think all the time i was
working for nazis